index.rst, before:

.. GW4-Isambard documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Jul 18 20:03:44 2018.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Isambard User Documentation
===========================

Isambard is a HPC service provided by `GW4 <http://gw4.ac.uk>`_ and the `UK Met Office <https://www.metoffice.gov.uk>`_.
The system is funded by `EPSRC <http://www.epsrc.ac.uk>`_ and is one of a number of `Tier-2 HPC facilities <http://www.hpc-uk.ac.uk/facilities/>`_ in the UK.

Isambard is a Cray XC50 system which comprises 20,992 cores, and is one of the world's first production Arm-based supercomputers. While Isambard is not based on the more common x86 processors from Intel and AMD, most software compiles and runs on Isambard with no or minimal changes.

Each of the 329 compute nodes contain two 32-core Marvell ThunderX2 processors running at 2.5 GHz. 160 nodes have 256 GB and 169 have 512 GB of memory, both at DDR4-2666MHz.
The nodes are connected via Cray Aries interconnect in a Dragonfly topology.
A Cray Sonexion 3000 storage cabinet provides 900 terabytes of Lustre storage.

Maintenance
-----------

.. important::
   The GW4 Isambard **Multi-Architecture Comparison System** is unavailable for the week of 19th April to perform planned upgrades & maintenance of the software stack.

   This is a major software upgrade to Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8, bringing the Operating System major version inline with the A64FX service, it provides a better base for software development and improves the MACS compability with scientific software, including the Cray software stack.

   Some user software compatibility issues are to be expected due to changed/updated libraries, recompilations may be required to continue running on MACS.

   XCI & A64FX remain available during this time.
   
   Update: Work has continued into the week of 26th April, we aim to restore service as soon as possible.

System Status
-------------

.. important::
    19 Apr. 2021
    
    - XCI (ARM ThunderX2): Available
    - MACS: Unavailable, upgrades in progress
    - A64fx: Available

Acknowledging Isambard
----------------------

Research outputs that have made use of Isambard should acknowledge the facility by using the following phrase:

    *This work used the Isambard 2 UK National Tier-2 HPC Service (http://gw4.ac.uk/isambard/) operated by GW4 and the UK Met Office, and funded by EPSRC (EP/T022078/1)*


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Isambard User Guide

   user-guide/requestaccount.rst
   user-guide/connecting.rst
   user-guide/filesystem.rst
   user-guide/jobs.rst
   user-guide/MACS.rst
   user-guide/XCI.rst
   user-guide/A64FX.rst
   user-guide/software.md
   user-guide/debugging.rst
   user-guide/end_project.rst
   user-guide/support.rst

.. TODO
   user-guide/profiling.rst


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Development Tools

   tools/ddt
   tools/gdb4hpc

.. TODO
   tools/map
   tools/perftools


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Applications

   applications/covidsim
   applications/dedalus
   applications/dlmonte
   applications/firedrake
   applications/gromacs
   applications/openfoam
   applications/vasp

.. TODO
  applications/castep
   applications/cp2k
   applications/hydro3d
   applications/molpro
   applications/namd
   applications/nemo
   applications/opensbli
   applications/um

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Service Policies

   policies/terms.rst
   policies/privacy.rst


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

MACS update affecting compiler licences

index.rst, after:

.. GW4-Isambard documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Wed Jul 18 20:03:44 2018.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Isambard User Documentation
===========================

Isambard is a HPC service provided by `GW4 <http://gw4.ac.uk>`_ and the `UK Met Office <https://www.metoffice.gov.uk>`_.
The system is funded by `EPSRC <http://www.epsrc.ac.uk>`_ and is one of a number of `Tier-2 HPC facilities <http://www.hpc-uk.ac.uk/facilities/>`_ in the UK.

Isambard is a Cray XC50 system which comprises 20,992 cores, and is one of the world's first production Arm-based supercomputers. While Isambard is not based on the more common x86 processors from Intel and AMD, most software compiles and runs on Isambard with no or minimal changes.

Each of the 329 compute nodes contain two 32-core Marvell ThunderX2 processors running at 2.5 GHz. 160 nodes have 256 GB and 169 have 512 GB of memory, both at DDR4-2666MHz.
The nodes are connected via Cray Aries interconnect in a Dragonfly topology.
A Cray Sonexion 3000 storage cabinet provides 900 terabytes of Lustre storage.

Maintenance
-----------

.. important::
   The GW4 Isambard **Multi-Architecture Comparison System** is unavailable for the week of 19th April to perform planned upgrades & maintenance of the software stack.

   This is a major software upgrade to Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8, bringing the Operating System major version inline with the A64FX service, it provides a better base for software development and improves the MACS compability with scientific software, including the Cray software stack.

   Some user software compatibility issues are to be expected due to changed/updated libraries, recompilations may be required to continue running on MACS.

   XCI & A64FX remain available during this time.
   
   Update: Work has continued into the week of 26th April, we aim to restore service as soon as possible.

   Update 2: The compiler licences will also be unavailable until the MACs update is complete.

System Status
-------------

.. important::
    19 Apr. 2021
    
    - XCI (ARM ThunderX2): Available
    - MACS: Unavailable, upgrades in progress
    - A64fx: Available

Acknowledging Isambard
----------------------

Research outputs that have made use of Isambard should acknowledge the facility by using the following phrase:

    *This work used the Isambard 2 UK National Tier-2 HPC Service (http://gw4.ac.uk/isambard/) operated by GW4 and the UK Met Office, and funded by EPSRC (EP/T022078/1)*


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Isambard User Guide

   user-guide/requestaccount.rst
   user-guide/connecting.rst
   user-guide/filesystem.rst
   user-guide/jobs.rst
   user-guide/MACS.rst
   user-guide/XCI.rst
   user-guide/A64FX.rst
   user-guide/software.md
   user-guide/debugging.rst
   user-guide/end_project.rst
   user-guide/support.rst

.. TODO
   user-guide/profiling.rst


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Development Tools

   tools/ddt
   tools/gdb4hpc

.. TODO
   tools/map
   tools/perftools


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Applications

   applications/covidsim
   applications/dedalus
   applications/dlmonte
   applications/firedrake
   applications/gromacs
   applications/openfoam
   applications/vasp

.. TODO
  applications/castep
   applications/cp2k
   applications/hydro3d
   applications/molpro
   applications/namd
   applications/nemo
   applications/opensbli
   applications/um

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Service Policies

   policies/terms.rst
   policies/privacy.rst


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
