user-guide/A64FX.rst, before:

A64FX - Fujitsu
===============

HPE Apollo 80 cabinet, codenamed A64FX. Available since February 2021.

* Fujitsu A64FX Processors @ 1.8GHz, 72 nodes
    * 48 ARMv8.2 cores with 512-bit SVE
    * 32 GB HBM2 memory arranged in 4 core memory groups (CMGs) with 12 cores and 8 GB each
    * 64 KB private L1 cache, 8 MB shared L2 cache per CMG
    * Mellanox Infiniband
* Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8
    * Cray Programming Environment
* Dedicated Lustre filesystem for job scratch directories: ``/scratch``
* Shared Lustre filesystem with XCI & MACS: ``/home``, ``/projects``, ``/software``

Running Jobs
------------

The system uses PBS Pro and the queue for the A64FX nodes is ``a64fx``.
It can only be used from the A64FX login nodes.

A job is requested as follows::

    qsub -q a64fx -lselect=N:ncpus=48,place=scatter ...

...where ``N`` is the number of nodes required.

Modules
-----------------

By default, the Cray programming environment is loaded.
A64FX-specific modules are exposed from ``/lustre/software/aarch64/modulefiles``.

The Bristol HPC group also maintains a shared modules space where you may find additional useful tools, but keep in mind that these may not always be up-to-date.
To use it: ``module use /lustre/projects/bristol/modules-a64fx/modulefiles``.

Note that this system *resets modules when starting a job*.
Make sure that your job scripts load all the modules needed to run your application.

Compilers
---------

All major HPC compilers targetting AArch64 are available through modules:

* Arm Compiler for Linux: 
    * ``tools/arm-compiler-a64fx/21.0``
    * ``tools/arm-compiler-a64fx/20.3``
* Cray Compilation Environment:
    * Classic frontend, targetting SVE: ``cce-sve/10.0.1``
    * Clang frontend, no SVE support: ``cce/10.0.3``
* Fujitsu Compiler, optimised for A64FX:
    * ``fujitsu-compiler/4.3.1``
* GNU Compiler Collection:
    * ``gcc/11-*``: snapshots of the development version (experimental, but with support for A64FX)
    * ``gcc/10.2.0``
    * ``gcc/8.1.0``

MPI
---

The default MPI library is CRAY MVAPICH, available though ``cray-mvapich2_noslurm_nogpu``.
It can be used with the GCC and Cray Compilers.

The Bristol modules space has builds of Open MPI with UCX:

* ``openmpi/4.1.0/gcc-11.0`` (also works with GCC 10.2)
* ``openmpi/4.1.0/arm-21.0``
* ``openmpi/4.1.0/arm-20.3``

There are older builds of Open MPI without UCX, but *these can only be used for single-node jobs*:

* ``openmpi/4.0.4/gcc-11.0`` (also works with GCC 10.2)
* ``openmpi/4.0.4/arm-20.3``


Documentation
-------------

`Fujitsu's website <https://www.fujitsu.com/global/products/computing/servers/supercomputer/a64fx>`_ includes an A64FX Datasheet and Microarchitecture Manual.
The architecture manual can also be found `on GitHub <https://github.com/fujitsu/A64FX>`_.

Commit message:

Added placeholder for link to 3rd hackathon docs

user-guide/A64FX.rst, after:

A64FX - Fujitsu
===============

All documentation for the A64fx Isambard hackathon on March 23/24 2021 can be found here.

HPE Apollo 80 cabinet, codenamed A64FX. Available since February 2021.

* Fujitsu A64FX Processors @ 1.8GHz, 72 nodes
    * 48 ARMv8.2 cores with 512-bit SVE
    * 32 GB HBM2 memory arranged in 4 core memory groups (CMGs) with 12 cores and 8 GB each
    * 64 KB private L1 cache, 8 MB shared L2 cache per CMG
    * Mellanox Infiniband
* Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8
    * Cray Programming Environment
* Dedicated Lustre filesystem for job scratch directories: ``/scratch``
* Shared Lustre filesystem with XCI & MACS: ``/home``, ``/projects``, ``/software``

Running Jobs
------------

The system uses PBS Pro and the queue for the A64FX nodes is ``a64fx``.
It can only be used from the A64FX login nodes.

A job is requested as follows::

    qsub -q a64fx -lselect=N:ncpus=48,place=scatter ...

...where ``N`` is the number of nodes required.

Modules
-----------------

By default, the Cray programming environment is loaded.
A64FX-specific modules are exposed from ``/lustre/software/aarch64/modulefiles``.

The Bristol HPC group also maintains a shared modules space where you may find additional useful tools, but keep in mind that these may not always be up-to-date.
To use it: ``module use /lustre/projects/bristol/modules-a64fx/modulefiles``.

Note that this system *resets modules when starting a job*.
Make sure that your job scripts load all the modules needed to run your application.

Compilers
---------

All major HPC compilers targetting AArch64 are available through modules:

* Arm Compiler for Linux: 
    * ``tools/arm-compiler-a64fx/21.0``
    * ``tools/arm-compiler-a64fx/20.3``
* Cray Compilation Environment:
    * Classic frontend, targetting SVE: ``cce-sve/10.0.1``
    * Clang frontend, no SVE support: ``cce/10.0.3``
* Fujitsu Compiler, optimised for A64FX:
    * ``fujitsu-compiler/4.3.1``
* GNU Compiler Collection:
    * ``gcc/11-*``: snapshots of the development version (experimental, but with support for A64FX)
    * ``gcc/10.2.0``
    * ``gcc/8.1.0``

MPI
---

The default MPI library is CRAY MVAPICH, available though ``cray-mvapich2_noslurm_nogpu``.
It can be used with the GCC and Cray Compilers.

The Bristol modules space has builds of Open MPI with UCX:

* ``openmpi/4.1.0/gcc-11.0`` (also works with GCC 10.2)
* ``openmpi/4.1.0/arm-21.0``
* ``openmpi/4.1.0/arm-20.3``

There are older builds of Open MPI without UCX, but *these can only be used for single-node jobs*:

* ``openmpi/4.0.4/gcc-11.0`` (also works with GCC 10.2)
* ``openmpi/4.0.4/arm-20.3``


Documentation
-------------

`Fujitsu's website <https://www.fujitsu.com/global/products/computing/servers/supercomputer/a64fx>`_ includes an A64FX Datasheet and Microarchitecture Manual.
The architecture manual can also be found `on GitHub <https://github.com/fujitsu/A64FX>`_.
